Add more info on splitChunks.{cacheGroup}.test (#3342)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/split-chunks-plugin.md

};
```

> W> Files' paths when processed by webpack contain `/` on Unixy platforms and `\` on Windows. That's why you should always use `[\\/]` in `{cacheGroup}.test` fields to represent path separator, and not just `/` or `\`. Otherwise your webpack config won't work correctly cross-platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> When files paths are processed by webpack, they always contain `/` on Unix systems and `\` on Windows. That's why using `[\\/]` in `{cacheGroup}.test` fields is necessary to represent a path separator. `/` or `\` in `{cacheGroup}.test` will cause issues when used cross-platform.
```

    splitChunks: {
      cacheGroups: {
        vendors: {

>           // example 1: regex that matches `node_modules` and some other source folders.

Reviewer: Can we please move the comments out of JS code snippet and make these separate examples with proper paragraph outlines? Like here: https://webpack.js.org/configuration/output/#outputfilename

};
```

> To see what info is available in `module` and `chunks` objects, you can put `debugger;` statement in the callback, [run your webpack build in debug mode](/contribute/debugging/#devtools) and inspect the parameters in Chromium DevTools.

Reviewer: This one is very useful although i feel like this can sound much more like a documentation piece
```suggestion
In order to see what information is available in `module` and `chunks` objects, you can put `debugger;` statement in the callback. Then [run your webpack build in debug mode](/contribute/debugging/#devtools) to inspect the parameters in Chromium DevTools.
```

> To see what info is available in `module` and `chunks` objects, you can put `debugger;` statement in the callback, [run your webpack build in debug mode](https://webpack.js.org/contribute/debugging/#devtools) and inspect the parameters in Chromium DevTools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see what info is available in `module` and `chunks` objects, you can put `debugger;` statement in the callback, [run your webpack build in debug mode](/debugging/#devtools) and inspect the parameters in Chromium DevTools.
```
